README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Magayaga/Nanomath">
    <img src="./assets/nanomath.svg" alt="Nanomath logo" width="200" height="165">
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">Nanomath</h1>

**Nanomath** (latin for Nano: Νανο) is a scientific calculator for cross-platform computing systems or operating environments using a **command line interface** or **text-based user interface** created and developed by [Cyril John Magayaga](https://github.com/magayaga).

## Getting Start

### Windows
```shell
# Download the Nanomath
git clone https://github.com/Magayaga/Nanomath.git

# Change directory the Nanomath
cd Nanomath

# Run the program (bash)
bash install-win.sh

# Open the application
./nanomath
```

### Linux
```shell
# Download the Nanomath
git clone https://github.com/Magayaga/Nanomath.git

# Change directory the Nanomath
cd Nanomath

# Run the program (bash)
bash install-linux.sh

# Open the application
./nanomath
```
## Copyright and License
Copyright (c) Cyril John Magayaga. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Update `README.md` (v1.5)
Waiting for fixing make, make.bat, and bash shell.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Magayaga/Nanomath">
    <img src="./assets/nanomath.svg" alt="Nanomath logo" width="200" height="165">
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">Nanomath</h1>

**Nanomath** (latin for Nano: Νανο) is a scientific calculator for cross-platform computing systems or operating environments using a **command line interface** or **text-based user interface** created and developed by [Cyril John Magayaga](https://github.com/magayaga).

## Getting Start

### Windows
```shell
# Download the Nanomath
git clone https://github.com/Magayaga/Nanomath.git

# Change directory the Nanomath
cd Nanomath

# Run the program (bash or make.bat)
bash install-win.sh
./make.bat

# Open the application
./nanomath
```

### Linux
```shell
# Download the Nanomath
git clone https://github.com/Magayaga/Nanomath.git

# Change directory the Nanomath
cd Nanomath

# Run the program (bash or make)
bash install-linux.sh
make install

# Open the application
./nanomath
```
## Copyright and License
Copyright (c) Cyril John Magayaga. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
